Group title is not taken into account by Window-Eyes 4.5.
The group title should be pronouced before radio buttons or other controls.
Both Window-Eyes and JAWS will read a Group title IF the Group has a single child that does not have an obvious name, for example, a text or a list or a combo box.
But neither screen reader will read a Group title if it groups a set of radio buttons or check boxes, say.
For now, an extreme, but sort-of useable work-around in Window-Eyes is to tell it to read every control in a newly-opened dialog.
Here are 2 examples of eclipse dialogs where a group title is not read:
I think the best thing would be if these were read when one of the radio or checkbox controls gets focus (i.e. when the dialog is activated, and when the user tabs to a new group or clicks on a control in another group.
Today, Frank and Lin tested with JAWS 5.0, 5.1 and 6.0 beta, we found both the dialogue from flashlight and Find/Replace from the Edit group titles are spoken correctly.
It is not working for me, so either I didn't make the problem clear enough, or you have some JAWS settings set that I do not have set.
I just installed JAWS 5.1, and in the installation process, it asked if I wanted to keep settings from my previous JAWS version.
Carolyn, Sorry, but I used your code snippet and I do indeed hear the group box names along with the individual radio buttons.
we must have different settings somehow.
After further investigation, we determined that the problem only happens on Windows XP with the javaw.exe.manifest installed in jre/bin (this tells WinXP to use the WinXP common controls - version 6.0 - instead of the Win2K common
controls - version 5.x).
This problem is solved in JAWS.
The window class for this object has been reassigned internally in JAWS.
This fix will be reflected in JAWS version 6.0 which is due out shortly.
Verified that this now works in JAWS 6.0.
1) Click on the flashlight (Search) tool in the main toolbar.
2) Open an editor on any file, and then select Edit -> Find/Replace... (or type ctrl+F) to get the Find/Replace dialog.
