There needs to be a way to open sidebar resources, such as the history and bookmarks, in their own window.
It's more convenient to have a single history window that doesn't take up screen real estate than having to open the history in whichever window I'm currently browsing.
I really hate sidebars and would want to be able to disable them in place of these windows before I would migrate to Firefox.
I don't see a bug for adding a history window.
how about something like about:history?
similar to about:config - just a full page tree with a search/filter field at the top.
sure, the sidebar needs a few things fixed like searching urls, but other than that, i think it's fine for most uses - exactly what sidebars are for - a quick way to access something without leaving/obscuring the current page.
and an about:history page would nicely fill in the gap left on the advanced end.
a whole new history window is probably overkill, and a page could just as easily be opened in its own window or in a tab.
chrome://browser/content/history/history-panel.xul
not sure if you're asking for a whole new history window, or just the ability to open the sidebar history in its own window.
if the latter is the case, then just open the above chrome url in a new window.
Seamonkey offers tabs for Title, Location, Last Visited, First Visited, Hostname, Referrer, and Visit Count.
Plus, I'd like to be able to open this easily, such as with /-\\H.
Please add the Mozilla history window in Firefox!
The Mozilla history window is just perfect!
EHM, Enhanced History Manager, is an extension that does it nicely.
I agree that the firefox history is limited at best.
Mozilla history was excellent since you could re-trace your browsing using the timestamp and find collections of pages you'd visited.
User-Agent:       Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7b)Gecko/20040316
Build Identifier: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.6)Gecko/20040206 Firefox/0.8
2. Being able to see and sort the history.
